Fix Broken Quickstart Links (#2641)
NVIDIA/TransformerEngine: README.rst

      for _ in range(10):
        loss, (param_grads, other_grads) = fwd_bwd_fn(params, other_variables, inp)

> For a more comprehensive tutorial, check out our `JAX Integration Tutorial <https://github.com/NVIDIA/TransformerEngine/blob/main/docs/examples/te_jax_integration.ipynb>`_ or the `Getting Started Guide <https://github.com/NVIDIA/TransformerEngine/blob/main/docs/getting_started/index.rst>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a more comprehensive tutorial, check out our `JAX Integration Tutorial <https://github.com/NVIDIA/TransformerEngine/blob/main/docs/examples/te_jax_integration.ipynb>`_ or the `Getting Started Guide <https://docs.nvidia.com/deeplearning/transformer-engine/user-guide/getting_started.html>`_.
```
